---
title: "abstract"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: graduation-cap
---


## **Abstract**


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
With the recent development of sensor technology, various sensor data is generated and distributed in large quantities. Depending on the sensor's type and purpose, sensor data is collected and processed in various forms. In particular, the location and geometric information of the object are stored in the form of a set of points. For example, an object's location can be represented as a single point. Similarly, a trajectory is usually represented as a form of ordered points with timestamps. An object's precise shape can be expressed as a set of three-dimensional points (called point clouds). Point cloud data has been emerging in various applications, including autonomous drones/vehicles, facility management, and three-dimensional (3D) urban space modeling. With the introduction of Industry 4.0, the importance of digital twins has been emerging, and the importance of technologies for creating and managing primitive data and utilizing location-based services is gradually increasing. As the digital twin's basic data, both precise original data and light 3D model data are required to be used for application services such as visualization and simulation.

However, there is an increasing demand for the database management system to share and reuse point cloud data, unlike being treated as archive files in the traditional uses and applications. Also, the scale of point clouds is getting increasingly larger from local to global. Such a vast amount of data, big data, generally uses a distributed processing method through data partitioning. To address the above challenge, having a common underlying data structure for data partitioning would be ideal. Geohashing is a hierarchical spatial structure and popular way to convert a latitude/longitude spatial point into a code/string. Many methods of handling big geospatial data, especially NoSQL databases, are based on geohashing techniques. However, it has a limitation of non-linearity due to the difficulty of mapping coordinates on a sphere to two-dimensional coordinates. To solve this issue, we need a coordinate reference system representing points linearly in the distance and can be explored uniformly. In addition, using the precise raw point cloud data directly for the service is not suitable in terms of performance due to high computational cost. Therefore, 3D building model data suitable for the service's level and purpose is essential for the digital twin. Lastly, it is essential to ensure location accuracy above a certain level to serve location-based services base on the built 3D building data. Depending on the characteristics of the indoor environment, room-level (or space-level) accuracy is required rather than the coordinates' accuracy.

This paper proposes a framework that can effectively store, analyze, and manage 3D point cloud data for digital twins to solve the above problems. This framework consists of the following three core features:

- 3D point clouds structure for distributed processing and basic spatial functions based on this structure
- A function to automatically reconstruct 3D indoor model data based on 3D point clouds
- A function to match the moving object's location to space-level using its movement history (same as trajectory) and building model data

This paper introduces a special geocode to point cloud, PC-code, which has a hierarchical spatial structure extended based on a Discrete Global Grid System (DGGS). We also propose efficient methods for utilizing PC-code, such as encoding/decoding, voxelization, and filtering. And we propose a hybrid way to reconstruct an approximate 3D indoor model based on point clouds. Lastly, We define a map matching method in the indoor environment, named Unit Space Map Matching (USMM), to correct moving object trajectory to space-level location. 
